Israeli aircraft targeted a house owned
by the al-hajin family in jabalia
Northern Gaza close to the al- nesla
cemeter a number of people were killed
and injured inside the house as a result
of the air strike medical crews are
attempting to extract the bodies from
under the rubble of the destroyed house
family members have said that 15
individuals were living in the house
including several people who were
already displaced a number of injured
have been pulled out and the search is
ongoing for people still missing under
the rubble
I was at home with my wife and children
suddenly a missile fell and smoke filled
the house my daughters started screaming
and praying and we realized the alhaji
family home had been bombed and everyone
had been killed including women and
children they were all children all of
them most of the people living in the
house were children they pulled them out
in pieces what have they done they are
children what have they done to deserve
having their house brought down on their
heads I'm
civil defense Crews and local residents
are continuing their search medical
Crews appear to have found body parts
belonging to children who have been
killed the Israeli occupation forces are
ramping up their attacks the last of
which is this attack on the al-hajin
family home which left over 10 people
dead mostly women and children a number
of people are still missing under the
rubble make sure to subscribe to our
Channel channel to get the latest news
from Al jazer